[Discover][docs] Add searchFieldsFromSource description (#90980)
elastic/kibana: docs/management/advanced-options.asciidoc

slows requests when working on big documents.

[[doctable-legacy]]`doc_table:legacy`:: 
Controls the way the document table looks and works. Set this property to `true` to revert to the legacy implementation.

[[discover-searchFieldsFromSource]]`discover:searchFieldsFromSource`::
When enabled, documents will be loaded and displayed using `_source`. This is soon going to be deprecated. 
When disabled, the new `fields` parameter of Elasticsearch search service is being used. This way runtime, alias and 

> multi fields can be displayed.

Author: @majagrubic Mind if we align this documentation text with the one in our UI?

> [[discover-searchFieldsFromSource]]`discover:searchFieldsFromSource`::
> When enabled, documents will be loaded and displayed using `_source`. This is soon going to be deprecated. 
> When disabled, the new `fields` parameter of Elasticsearch search service is being used. This way runtime, alias and 
> multi fields can be displayed.

Reviewer: We can future-proof and simplify this a bit by linking to the Elasticsearch docs:
```suggestion
[[discover-searchFieldsFromSource]]`discover:searchFieldsFromSource`::
Load fields from the original JSON {ref}/mapping-source-field.html[`_source`].
By default, Discover loads fields using the {es} search API's
{ref}/search-fields.html#search-fields-param[`fields`] parameter.
```

As @kertal mentioned, I think we should align the UI text with these docs.

Author: yes, that's very useful this way, just one think, what's default depends on which version currently, default in master is different than in 7.12, so the text has to cover both

Reviewer: Thanks @kertal. I've updated the suggestion to remove the "default" copy.

Reviewer 2: thanks @jrodewig.  I added one small tweak to put Discover in bold.

Author: @thanks both,  btw hi @jrodewig, it's been a while since Mountain View! Hope you're fine!

[[doctable-legacy]]`doc_table:legacy`:: 

> Control the way the Discover's table looks and works. Set this property to `true` to revert to the legacy implementation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Controls the way the document table looks and works. Set this property to `true` to revert to the legacy implementation.
```
